QUICK START

Requirements: psql, python, plpythonu, superuser access.

For the impatient, the following example would log the table public.users into
logging.userlog for all events.

-- If you haven't already done so, create plpythonu.
psql -h yourserver -c "CREATE LANGUAGE plpythonu;"
psql -h yourserver -f install.sql
psql -h yourserver
> BEGIN;
> INSERT INTO logging.setup (
      schema_name, table_name, log_table
  ) VALUES (
      'public', 'users', 'userlog'
  );
> SELECT logging.deploy();
> COMMIT;


CONFIGURATION

The table structure is:

schema_name
    The schema of the table to be logged.


table_name
    The table to be logged.


log_table
    The table name to log changes to.
    For example, a value of 'service' will create the table logging.service,
    and if this table does not exist, logging.deploy() will create it.


modified_by_field
    User-defined token.
    If you put a column name from the logged table in this field,
    its new value (the 'after' record in the trigger) will be recorded. This is
    technically redundant but may make forensics a little more efficient. Its
    original intention is a user modified field for easily tracking
    application-level actions by individual users.
    This defaults to the hard-coded field name 'modifiedby'.


exclude_events
    Exclude trigger events from the log.
    In tables with many INSERTs and few UPDATEs, you may wish to restrict what
    events are logged. If this field is NULL, all events are recorded. This is
    a character varying array field.

exclude_columns
    Exclude specific columns from the log.
    This is also a character varying array field.


Once you make changes to logging.setup, execute logging.deploy(). This function
generates the logging tables, indexes, and triggers on the tables in question.

This WILL alter DDL on each table logged, so plan accordingly.

NOTES

There is hard-coded behavior at this time to check for the column 'seq'. This 
is the value that is saved to record_seq. This will change in the future, but
as of now requires that you at the very least use a column named seq to satisfy
the trigger function.